Dr. Belis Aladag: Hi there.
Michael Justice: Hi, how are you
Dr. Belis Aladag: Good. How are you, Michael.
Michael Justice: Doing good.
Michael Justice: Yeah, yeah. Doing good.
Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, I'm glad I'm glad. Okay, good. So no changes in terms of pain levels or cravings or anything. Right.
Michael Justice: Nothing, just actually really enjoying life as it is.
Michael Justice: Um, you know, I've been
Michael Justice: Starting the walking so pain level. Yeah, and also my, I have a landscaping business. So we've been trying to keep up with that. So I had a couple. I did my survey and I noted on there that I had a couple days that I still had pain, but that was because the extra physical exertion.
Michael Justice: Push bowing and grass out of control. Hi. Hi.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Amy I
Michael Justice: work a lot harder.
Michael Justice: And but as soon as we're done with this meeting me and my six year old is going to go for a nice long walk, not seven miles but but probably like three
Michael Justice: So we're starting that out but yeah and so that's creating a little extra pain to, you know, I pretty much like for controlled level without the exercise.
Michael Justice: Normally my feet will start hurting after
Michael Justice: A full day but then I take my my other dose and then that gives me comfort through the night, and I've been trying to take that later. But sometimes, because
Michael Justice: Of the extra exercise. I haven't been able to hold off on waiting past three or four o'clock or so, but the longer I wait the better sleep. I have. So I've been playing with that a little bit.
Michael Justice: But other than that, yeah. I mean, of course, it's gonna create a little extra pain, but it is what it is I'm as long as I'm sleeping at night, like I have been able to, I'm okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You're okay.
Michael Justice: Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, that's good, because, yeah, we want you to have that physical exertion and exercise, you know, that's a good thing. But at the same time. Yeah, we have to be cognizant of flaring up too much pain.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, right. Yeah. So it's a balance and what's important is consistency, rather than, you know, just a one time thing. So like I like that you're doing. You're starting the routine with your daughter.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Of walking and things like that so that you can keep it up and
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know, long term.
Michael Justice: So I have a question that's come off base, um, apparently in our town, you know, I told you we only have three cases, all of a sudden we have like 15 now.
Michael Justice: And it just like there was a big flare up and
Michael Justice: So the question is, I'm listening to
Michael Justice: The governor of New York. And of course, anybody can get a test without symptoms or not. So do you know anything about like, because I would like to get tested. I know.
Michael Justice: A lot of people that would just like to go get a test, but we were under the impression that you had to have symptoms in. Oh, yeah.
Michael Justice: It's California like the governor I usually keep up on it, but I've been staying away from it lately, so I'm not totally
Michael Justice: Sure. What's going on as far as. Can we just go request a test and be tested, you know,
Dr. Belis Aladag: I that's a really good question, and I believe in Los Angeles County. So it might be county by county. But for example, here they were advertising that
Dr. Belis Aladag: You if you're a resident of Los Angeles County, you could go to certain designated places and get tested. And it was implying that you could just ask to be tested.
Dr. Belis Aladag: But
Dr. Belis Aladag: Like I know certain insurances like Kaiser my family has Kaiser and they won't test you unless you have physical symptoms and the main one being temperature, they will check your temperature. Make sure you have a fever before they test you.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Gotcha. So
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm not quite sure what it's in Crescent City what the situation is.
Dr. Belis Aladag: But remember, if they do, if you didn't get the testing, it would be the type of testing. That's the swab that's going to check to see if you're sick now.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Um, it's not necessarily going to tell you. Had you been sick in the past or anything that kind of test is the antibody test that's, that's something that you have to take blood for
Dr. Belis Aladag: To check to see if you have antibodies against the virus that implies that you were sick and you got over it, or whatever. I'm sorry, this thing is beeping away.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So, um,
Dr. Belis Aladag: So, so that one also it depends on your insurance. I know some insurances cover the antibody testing just if you ask for it and say, I think I was sick. And then other insurances like Kaiser doesn't do it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: They think it's too soon to use that test because it doesn't really, we don't have enough information is what they say, meaning we don't know how accurate the test is
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then we don't really know what that means. So if you have, if it was positive, it doesn't. We don't know. Does that mean you're protected or not, or how long
Michael Justice: Yeah, yeah. And that's it. We're in the backwoods. I mean, where's the furthest north, you get before you get in Oregon and our health care here is like really
Michael Justice: Sutter Health is like super bad reputation air.
Michael Justice: They use a lot of traveling physicians and
Michael Justice: Nobody really wants to stay here because I guess the pay or whatever I and and it's been this ongoing thing. That's one of the costs of living in this beautiful area, which it is.
Michael Justice: You know, we have like the third or fourth cleanest River and the redwoods we have all the beauty.
Michael Justice: That the wilderness has to offer.
Michael Justice: You know, but health care is health care and we have the most expensive gas anywhere where everybody that I know.
Michael Justice: I save $25 to drive to broken up into Oregon 25 bucks saving so 95 cents a gallon cheaper for diesel fuel ours just stays right around three. Oh, I think it's at 307 is the cheapest in town.
Michael Justice: Oh, wow. Very good. And it's like,
Dr. Belis Aladag: To 89
Michael Justice: And it's easy. So it. Yeah. So we pay more here and I used to joke around and say, well, in order to wrap my head around it and get used to just pain, I'd say, oh, our gas is fresher than your gas or something, you know, because you pay pay more for quality right so
Michael Justice: Right. Other than that I drive to Brookings out all the time.
Michael Justice: To get fuel, you know, it's really sad if I wasn't in my line of work I would be boycotting them, and I'd be screaming doing. I mean, it's just ridiculous and and the sad thing is
Michael Justice: The people that sell the fuel they only get a set amount. So I already know that because my family was an unit oil distributor ship here for 50 plus years and I used to work there. And the big companies give you a certain amount on and you don't really make a lot of money on gas its
Michael Justice: Oil when when you sell oil and you buy oil. That's where profits are made for the jobbers, you know, the independent people
Michael Justice: But everybody thinks because, you know, business, you're automatically swimming in money and it's just not true. Most of gas station people they only make it's barely worth it, that the the mini marts they bank on you coming in and buying something from their store.
Michael Justice: To make your profit they don't get rich off of gas, I guarantee
That
Michael Justice: Just keeping everything running day make minimal amounts. We used to sell truck and trailer loads of fuel to different companies and our cat was $25 every time we sold it, they just paid us 25 bucks to sell them 880 500 gallons of diesel or gas or whatever.
Michael Justice: Wow, it's pretty controlled and the ones that are getting read in the oil business are the refineries and the people that are, you know, pulling it out of the ground and kind of people get rich but
Michael Justice: It's not, it's not per se, a highly back when it was like in our town.
Michael Justice: When the mills were all running, we had like 15 Mills here and machine was so abundant that oil we sold we sold so much oil that my grandfather actually after 50 years of working
Michael Justice: When he died, he was
Michael Justice: Probably a millionaire just and
Michael Justice: But other than that, my dad worked in the field for 25 years and they when they finally sold and disperse the money.
Michael Justice: It took him seven years to find somebody to buy it and then apparently he financed, most of it and they ran that 50 year business into the ground in one year.
Michael Justice: And I predicted it was going to happen because the guy was shady that the son in law was shaving that talk to
Michael Justice: The guy into purchasing it from my parents and him running that he ended up. Yeah, they just ran this business into the ground and my dad had to go back to work.
Michael Justice: Because IRS wanted their money for the whole amount. And so they paid that off and my dad did pay his house often his cars and all that he owned everything out. Right. But, uh,
Michael Justice: Yeah, there's not a lot of money in it, like, people think. But that's, yeah, that they make three cents a gallon of gas so many gallons. You gotta sell
Michael Justice: To make a profit. It's just, it's really hard, but
Michael Justice: Um, other than that. We did get. Did I tell you last time we did get all our grant money last week Board of Supervisors said they weren't going to take any of it and and listen to this as a critical
Michael Justice: And to the and so now we're trying to get the contractors to go starting so will be 57 beds, seven days a week for breakfast, lunch and dinner shelter all year round.
Michael Justice: Next winner. If we can get the contract.
Michael Justice: That's going to be a challenge right now but
Dr. Belis Aladag: Are you guys open with the coven. Are you fully open. Are you sometimes close
Michael Justice: Like probably have you had 12 people in our discipleship program when this started. And so in the health department came, they said.
Michael Justice: To receive 13 more people
Michael Justice: And there's not enough room in our shelter room that we had
Michael Justice: So they shut that down immediately, but we only had
Michael Justice: I mean, now the weather starting to change. Finally, but all for the last 10 days it's been pouring raining cats and dogs that was like full on winner.
Michael Justice: But for the most part we were done anyway we we we were on the operating five months out of the year. So we started in October and then and November, December, January, February, March, so we were shutting down anyway.
Michael Justice: Because we only have so many months, the worst months of the winner to operate and you try to predict that
Michael Justice: And that's another thing we won't be on any stipulations. So we can, we'll be able to operate year round and not having any problems and we'll have 57 bats so
Michael Justice: That'll be good. Then we'll and we're using the whole building. So it's a 10,000 square foot building you need 50 square foot per person in order to how somebody, you got to have 50 square feet.
Michael Justice: Each person.
Michael Justice: And so that'll it's gonna be super good. But yeah, they shut us down on that but
Michael Justice: We increased our feeding program and offering free food. And so people. So the homeless have a place to come and get food every day, seven days a week. Also we have put a portable toilet out there and hand washing station us, we had
Michael Justice: Tons of masks to be able to give them. Plus, we're doing showers.
Michael Justice: Two days a week. Today's this shower day keeping everybody clean
Michael Justice: We rented a motel room. We didn't the county actually county and city paid for it.
Michael Justice: But we run it run the program.
Michael Justice: giving out showers. You know, people sign up for a list and sun done on
Michael Justice: Tuesdays Tuesdays and Thursdays twice a week.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So they can take a shower.
Dr. Belis Aladag: The reason I asked is,
Dr. Belis Aladag: There was a patient, I just had the other day that said he was in Crescent City, and he said, Do you have a place to live. And he was like, well, I'm kind of in a camp like thing. You know, like basically homeless.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then I I asked. I said, Oh, do you know that there's a place called our daily bread. And there's a ministry in seven years, like, Yeah, I've heard I know them, but I don't think they're open because of coven. I don't think they have
Dr. Belis Aladag: Meals and stuff as well. You may want to check it out because they think they might
Michael Justice: Push it to
Dr. Belis Aladag: Do right
Michael Justice: Yeah and there's food. There's a table that we put out at 10 o'clock in the morning till eight o'clock at night, seven days a week.
Michael Justice: And we put food out on that drinks, things like that. So anybody can just come up and get it. They won't see people at night, of course.
Michael Justice: But they can come and use the facilities and get food and we're going through a ton of it. So it's actually pretty successful when not sheltering. That's the only thing we are not doing right now.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Got it, got it. But the food remains. That's good. Oh, yeah. So
Michael Justice: Then breakfast and dinner. Yes.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, cool. That's good to know. Um, yeah, so that's great. I'm so glad you're getting the financial support and to expand like you want to and
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know, good news.
Michael Justice: It's been a long journey. I tell you, yeah. And
Michael Justice: We have another friend of mine, Dr Kimbrough our she's
Michael Justice: On the board for Mission Possible and she's been bringing me and Daphne, and my wife and everybody
Michael Justice: My wife just donor letters were I'm trying to keep because we're still going to be privately funded our entity. And then the other ones, you know, public funded through grants.
Sure.
Michael Justice: And we want to keep our section two were separate we will benefit from the other organization, but in the sense our whole ministry is going to be around still privately. So I'm going to be
Michael Justice: Meeting with individuals trying to get them. So it's donor. What do you call it relations, trying to get people excited again about it, especially
Michael Justice: Believe it or not, this is a perfect time because people understand like, oh my god, this could be, you know, we really don't know. I mean, I watched a documentary, the other day.
Michael Justice: That says that there's another virus out there and I don't quote me on it because for some reason I didn't retain a lot of it, but
Michael Justice: It says that, yes, we have this virus, but there's actually other viruses that are worse that they're looking at that they're all believing that could happen.
Michael Justice: So in a sense, everybody's kind of panic stricken. So it's taken away from the stigma on the homeless about, you know, all of them sleeping in the parks and leaving trash everywhere they go.
Michael Justice: They're not looking at it like that. They're looking at it. Finally, because of the sick.
Covert
Michael Justice: That wow how they must be feeling, you know,
Michael Justice: How they must be feeling so it's actually a really good time to sit down and let people know you know they're all people.
Michael Justice: You know, you know, just us being able to go to the store and fill our pantries and have that peace of mind to not have that and I not all people you there is a group of people out there that just really kill them on like God sorted out type mentality.
Michael Justice: They don't have any compassion, you know, and then
Michael Justice: Reality.
Michael Justice: If you ask me, what's the cause of it. It all has to do with how we were raised, you know,
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah.
Michael Justice: These people were raised by people that were dysfunctional attics
Michael Justice: Right away that thing for them. Their goal set was
Michael Justice: You know this one girl. Her mom told her what you do is when you know at 16 you start looking around for your man, make sure he's done disability.
Michael Justice: And
Michael Justice: You get on disability ASAP.
Michael Justice: Oh my god, figure out how to get on it. So you take your two incomes. Okay, which is usually so at the best case scenario, it's 2400 a month.
Michael Justice: Get your little RV. You put it in the park and you've made it on me.
Oh,
Dr. Belis Aladag: That was the advice she got that.
Michael Justice: Mom to daughter advice. Yes, it's, you know, and I don't want to die. I'm not, I'm not being me. And I'm being real. This is
Michael Justice: The take from it all has to do with how we raise our kids what values and goals we bestow into them is how it is. It's like if your parents were addicted go into food banks welfare their whole life, you know,
Michael Justice: There was a movement that was really I witnessed that where people would have more kids to get more money.
Michael Justice: And they would consider that a success and they'd be proud of the fact that yeah I'm getting 1200 dollars and food stamps, a month and I'm
Michael Justice: Getting to go to all the food banks and taking advantage of all you know like especially back before 2008 when it was entitlement.
Michael Justice: Oh my gosh, everybody felt like everybody Odom, nobody was, you know, it was like, where's the, you know, goals, I don't know if I told you when I was matic for so long. I looked at
Michael Justice: Hitting on disability. One thing I wanted was to for to get denied a couple times so that I get that big track, you know, thinking to myself,
Michael Justice: And then you know 950 a month. And it was like, about seven months and two. And I said, Man, I am not gonna settle for no $900 so much. I can't even visualize how anybody could even do anything with that little amount of money.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, but
Michael Justice: That was that take from it. You know, this way, these people are raised.
Dr. Belis Aladag: That's good.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I can't believe that advice like me.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Saying we did
Michael Justice: Budgeting promises we did
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh, you did.
Michael Justice: Well, we used to, and they wouldn't come unless we put donuts and coffee out
Michael Justice: Donuts and coffee out
Michael Justice: They would come and they eat all the donuts and drink coffee and
Michael Justice: Sit there and basically not retain a dang thing. It was the most unsuccessful things thing we ever tried to do and we tried
Michael Justice: We, we also. We also have programs now that where you can come in like if you become a disciple in the program you can, you know, start taking all these classes budgeting classes.
Michael Justice: Basic
Michael Justice: You know just how to behave, how to be, you know, teach you how to I can't think of the name of it right now past week.
Michael Justice: Just basic life. Life Skills class.
Michael Justice: Yeah, yeah, you know, just the simple yeah you know because a lot of them don't. They don't have none of that training they go in, they asked you a question, you say no. And they start freaking out. It's like to teach you how to, you know,
Michael Justice: Be more successful just in your daily dealings with people you know
Michael Justice: Yeah, it
Michael Justice: Takes me back to the thrift store. When people come in there and you gotta give me this. And that's, like, Oh my gosh, you don't even under, you know, but not understanding the fact that
Michael Justice: If you go into Walmart and you act like a fool like that, you're going to get kicked out and you might even get, you know, where they take it you out. So you can't, if you come back. You'll be trespassing.
Michael Justice: Yeah, the fool you know you can't be a jerk. You can't go into even if you have a bad experience in Denny's, you know, if you start breaking their dishes and yelling and cussing them out. You're not gonna
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah.
Michael Justice: Things like that like
Dr. Belis Aladag: Life Skills about. Yeah. How do you act. How do you react. Yeah.
Michael Justice: Well, they need all of that the majority of the people I deal with. They need you know basically a whole like erase it and start over de frag completely different what you've been taught and to really learn
Michael Justice: Even some of the basic stuff and it's just really sad. And that's the kind of, not all, but that's kind of how there's a lot of cases of people that were successful that
Michael Justice: failed due to addictions and bad choices and things like that, how it's another thing, making positive choices. You know, what's your money, you know, that's a budget and it's like the biggest thing they
Michael Justice: They go without all mine and they get their money and they Oh, let's go. It's like that Christmas, they'll go and
Michael Justice: They go to the pizza place and they get filled up on pizza. But then, where they screw up as they bought a Pitcher of beer and now they got a buzz and let's go to the casino or let's go to the store and you know I mean when I used to sell fireworks. I seen that so many times.
Michael Justice: Yeah, that people would bring their kids in and spend in I'd have to tell me what are you going to do for the rest of the month.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah.
Michael Justice: No, because they want to spend seven $800 at the fireworks with and I could see the kids, they were let down so much that that mom probably thought, Oh, I'll spoil. I'm not thinking that you've got to have money for the rest of the month. That's the Fourth of July.
Michael Justice: Yeah, you know, you got the whole month ago, you know, now you're going to be struggling and you're just going to disappoint them kids again because you're not gonna have any money for him.
Michael Justice: It was like, Oh my Lord. And so that's kind of my take an analogy of the whole system. When you asked me, What's the cause.
Michael Justice: And then wrong childhood traumas and things like that, you know,
Michael Justice: There's a lot a lot more to it than that. But the general consensus says they didn't have any
Dr. Belis Aladag: By the whole model, Mom.
Michael Justice: Tivoli enforcing, you know, giving them positive reinforcements and no good role models to go by. And so you get that put in your mind.
Michael Justice: And all of a sudden, if you're, you know, your mom and dad are just well for people. That's what your, your mind as you're okay. Well, all I really need is instead of, you know, man. I want to, I want to be a successful, you know, nobody's encouraging them either.
Michael Justice: And
Michael Justice: I see that a lot. So they're starving for that, you know, because they never got it as gets, you know,
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, encouragement and you know yeah someone's on your side.
Michael Justice: Right, so
Wow.
Dr. Belis Aladag: That is that is bad, that's and that's a generational thing, you know, you just keep passing it
Dr. Belis Aladag: Down that, you know, if you don't get out of that.
Michael Justice: That's so true. And that's what that's what I deal with and that's what I think it's happening. And that's why, even with my kids, man. I tell my daughter. I go to your shoes and I encouraged her like
Michael Justice: And you're going to be like a movie star or a singer or dancer and I just can't encourage her enough to just whatever you want to be. You can be
Michael Justice: Yeah forth the effort and you know she's already booked smart so
Michael Justice: I said untalented that she she does ballets she's never missed ballet. I mean, of course, everything's on hold. Now,
Michael Justice: For my little tiny girl.
Michael Justice: You came up and hit me a couple times and almost floored me
Michael Justice: Anyone believe because she's so little, but she is like the leader in that she's advanced so much she doesn't give up when she gets to starting something
Michael Justice: She's like, totally missing jujitsu like you wouldn't believe and and ballet, she was super good at ballet and and everything she does he gets good at.
Michael Justice: And I just keep encouraging her and I tell her you know all the timing, you're going to be doing movies le you're going to be doing.
Michael Justice: singing and dancing, you know, of course, you know, you're going to be whatever you want to be and encouraged that way. And don't even look at us. Because, I mean, we're
Michael Justice: Good examples of good people. But still there's even more. And so when I tell her. These stories and and she really think I'm going to be in the movies. And I said, I think you can be anything you want to be.
Michael Justice: Whenever you put your mind to just keep doing what you're doing and she's she she asked me because mom and me and her asking because Dad, you think I'm going to be thought. And I said,
Michael Justice: No, I really don't think so. I says, but you need to not watch our example and and do get so shrimp do like exercises and
Michael Justice: She's just she's a ball of energy. I really and and my son's the same way to ease. They're both super skinny. But, you know, yeah, they could
Michael Justice: If they make bad choices they could. So in the same sense, you know, don't look at us. We example for the physical fitness yet, but we're always
Michael Justice: Concerned, and we say yes. Do not eat bad foods and we try to encourage good foods and and you know that's our battle, but, you know, the whole thing is
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, the whole thing is about like being there and encouraging your children and wanting the best for them. And I mean I'm not suggesting those other parents didn't want the best for their kids. It's just they did what they could in their limited means, I suppose, and then another
Dr. Belis Aladag: They didn't do the best they could, who knows.
Michael Justice: It was passed down and then once it's passed down. And that's the acceptable norm.
Michael Justice: Yeah, then you get to that level. And you think, Okay, I'm good, but you're really not unfortunately as sad. It really is sad. You know, it's, um, because people are, you know, wonderful each one and then in the same sentence to you know
Michael Justice: We always say, Okay, so here's the three basic things we offer. And if we do anything over and above that, it's usually for somebody that's
Michael Justice: Applying themselves trying to get out of that rut, you know, because there is a pretty big number of people that don't want to, and they want to learn a new way.
Michael Justice: You know, we had people go through our program. The life recovery program that went on to get their, their master's degree. We have to success stories.
Michael Justice: And this lady is running the big program for
DHS
Michael Justice: Vs.
Michael Justice: And the other ladies in the mental health field and she's like big way after bigwigs. So those are two just them are the ones that I say hey you know what anybody can do this and they were all down to the level of the people we serve. So
Michael Justice: They weren't to me.
Dr. Belis Aladag: That's a great, great. Yeah, you know that you know there with hard work, there's, there's a way, you know,
Michael Justice: Yeah, yeah. Oh.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You're doing great work you have such good insights, because you seen intimately, you know, the different sides of this kind of people's lives, you know,
Dr. Belis Aladag: And that's a gift. So
Dr. Belis Aladag: I think that's great. Michael, I think it's wonderful. I'm so, so okay so so in terms of us your medication. I even though you're having more pain. I think it's best to try to you know keep keep those Suboxone stable.
Michael Justice: I think it's working. I
Know you're sleeping well
Dr. Belis Aladag: I should, you know, we should really try to keep it at bay and
Michael Justice: I'm surprised that it's still just did it work so good. It's just, it really does.
Michael Justice: Not oil effects. I don't get higher nothing from it. It's, uh,
Michael Justice: Yeah, just takes away that payments. It's a miracle.
Dr. Belis Aladag: That's a miracle. Yeah, it's really good. I'm so glad that it's working for you and I want to encourage you to continue with the activities, you know, don't
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know, like, I mean, obviously, trust your body. If something is too much like maybe that grass mowing situation was too strenuous
Michael Justice: Yeah, I
Dr. Belis Aladag: Find exercises to keep your body in motion moving, you know, for your diabetes for your heart.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yes, sugar control all of that is affected blood pressure control when you are more active with your body.
Michael Justice: Well, I had my cottage cheese and one piece of toast today. So that was my breakfast, so
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, you're watching your diet.
Michael Justice: Yeah. And what it is is you know the wintertime, we still do our lawns. We maintain all of our properties but it's so easy. And then once it starts growing it becomes harder, more physical effort to do it. Yeah. And so that's all that is
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah yeah yeah it's part of the par for the course is um okay so that's good. Um, the other thought I had for an activity exercise is, you mentioned your daughter's Jiu Jitsu and ballet.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Maybe there's something she could do like kids yoga or kids some, some kids thing and you could kind of do a little bit of the exercise with her.
Michael Justice: That's a lot.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I know that Rachel said that the living room area where the TV's is quite tight but you know i think i think it's an idea because I mean there's so much on YouTube if you were able to access that and trying to do some exercise with that too.
Michael Justice: Well, we do have a 10,000 square foot playground to just right right next door so we can always go to the ministry and do stuff so
Dr. Belis Aladag: That's true, yeah.
Michael Justice: We don't have that many people like we only have three people in the program right now. They're not even really in the program and we have
Dr. Belis Aladag: One.
Michael Justice: Yeah, there'll be always be two people there. Johnny and Kyle and then his mom's getting ready to get a place we've
Michael Justice: We've gotten people are stimulus money.
Michael Justice: The people that were in our program. We refer them all out to other programs like they're all signed up for hide.
Michael Justice: Right now, most of them were in motels doing 90 days in the motel.
Michael Justice: Some of those for mental health.
Michael Justice: has that ability and some of them. Department of Health and Human Services is doing a lot to get people off the streets as well.
Michael Justice: So again, you know, that guy. You talk to if you ever do talk to him if he wants to get in touch with me. I can refer him to a lady.
Michael Justice: That can probably if he doesn't have mental health issues or whatever, one way or the other. She can assess them and get him hooked up with somebody that could get him off of the streets.
Stover
Michael Justice: Yes. So if you get a chance to talk to him again. Tell him to reach out to me.
Michael Justice: He can go to the ministry and dial the number on the on the sign and it'll ring my phone, personally, and I will get them in touch with
Michael Justice: Daphne, and she will. I've seen that happen. I mean, I've seen well eight people that were in our program went right into 90 days in the motel off the street and had about trips and so they're actively looking for places. And so, okay.
Um,
Michael Justice: There's ways
Dr. Belis Aladag: And the ministries name is our daily bread.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yes, yeah. Okay, so he would just have to physically go, you'll see the sign. And there's a phone number. He just calls and he asked for you. It should be
Michael Justice: Two minutes anywhere in this town. You can be at our place. It's a 15 minute walk. Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Great.
Michael Justice: Great, no matter where you're at.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, I'm sure he knows. Okay. Yeah, I'll let them know the question I had, though, is I wonder for people that are so he's obviously just engaging and treatments. So he's still like trying to get sober.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah. What are the rules around that. I mean, I would imagine, he needs to be sober, but
Michael Justice: Believe it or not, they're not really demanding that but that's another avenue. If somebody wants to get off the street, we refer to all these different agencies we get people off the streets by getting into a program so
Dr. Belis Aladag: Many day
Dr. Belis Aladag: I think he would really benefit. This is the kind of person. I mean, I just the way he was just pretty intensely in his addiction. I think he would benefit from like being in a residential like treatment with
Michael Justice: Three programs that teen challenge. And I don't know if you're familiar with them.
Michael Justice: And that's not for teens or 60 year old people go to teen challenge. Oh.
Michael Justice: It's a free program live in program to where they just make you get food stamps and they take all your $300 a month food stamps and you go through their whole program. It's like a one year intensive program.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And people
Michael Justice: Get off the streets, all the time. By doing that and and then they get to work with them and then you'd be surprised at how much success stories they have
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay team is one resource. Okay.
Michael Justice: And then there's but different ones we get we can send you to your rica Humboldt County and get a
Michael Justice: get referrals to all these different programs. So that's something we we really tried to do right now, especially since we don't have housing so
Michael Justice: That's what Ray Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So, oh thank you Michael see who knew. You're a patient but also a great resource.
Michael Justice: Well, I'm. That's what we do. That's the Mission Possible. That's her own new job as I refer everybody to death. He definitely takes care of all the leg work with all the other agencies and
Michael Justice: And then I do the food and all that stuff that I do.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So, got it. Okay. Cool. Well thank you. Thanks for all the info. I will if anything pops up like that guy. I will refer that over to you guys.
Michael Justice: Please do. Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, Michael. I'll talk to you next time.
Michael Justice: Okay. Sounds good. You have a good day.
Michael Justice: Bye bye.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, patient
Dr. Belis Aladag: Michael justice.
Dr. Belis Aladag: No unusual for
Dr. Belis Aladag: This is Raphael share know unusual.
Rocky: There we go.
Rocky: Hey, my headphones were connected via Bluetooth. Sorry.
Dr. Belis Aladag: But good, how are you doing are you okay now I know you're freaking out. I'm so I'm so glad I was like oh gosh she's freaking out and you know fretting over this. But did you get to speak to your physician that day.
Rocky: I canceled because I didn't need to talk to her anymore. Um, I looked it up and it was it was fine. It was just one day.
Rocky: Okay, yeah. Um, I just didn't read it. And it's funny, you know, it said surface antibodies detected and I thought I just looked bad to me. But yeah, I got it. Um,
Dr. Belis Aladag: You're not the only one to freak out over that particular type of testing. The other day I had a different patient who had a similar read, but for the hip a
Dr. Belis Aladag: And she was just like, you like freaking out, like, oh my god, am I sick. What does this mean, you know, whatever. But it was the antibodies, so
Rocky: What, what did they always test for antibodies or is this new thing and then thing.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Um, this is a no. This is a pretty typical test. Yeah, we checked to make to see sometimes do you have immunity.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And also if you're acutely ill, they check. Yeah.
Rocky: So I had a panel done I think december of 2019 and there was not a surface antibody test, I don't think, although the chart did, yeah. So whenever you see read on those things from quest.
Rocky: It looks like it's bad, they should have a note there that says
Dr. Belis Aladag: They really should to
Dr. Belis Aladag: Say, you know, this may be that you have immunity or like at least to give you some calmness.
Rocky: Exactly right.
Rocky: Yeah, there we go. I'm switching the sermon on. There we go. Cool. Yeah. So, so
Dr. Belis Aladag: So you're over that everything's good on paper, you know for your test. How are you feeling like mentally this week. How did it go for you.
Rocky: It's it's going great. I'm guess what I stabilized on 16 milligrams for seven days straight.
Dr. Belis Aladag: No way off.
Rocky: I totally did.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Wow, that's amazing and effort. Did you do it like the half, half, half thing or did you do one
Rocky: No, I did was I just took the first day I did. I took four and then for an but the remaining days I just took an eight milligram film like it was a
Rocky: Sort of treating it like a vitamin or something. Just take it eight and then take it again if you feel like you want to actually I was taking the second eight
Rocky: Even if I didn't feel like I wanted it, but I knew that I would feel bad if I didn't think if I won. But the cool trick about this is that if I look at the clock and it's after one o'clock, no matter what. I don't take any more. So that's working.
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's working.
Dr. Belis Aladag: The 1pm rule. I love
Rocky: Yeah, I guess.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I was good.
Rocky: I guess that's the trick is to just find, um, you know, whatever works with everybody's brain because this is just a chemical you know plays, mine, mine games, you know,
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, got a different thing. So for you. Yeah. And how has. How has your sleeping and waking up in
Rocky: I'm fresh in the morning. I'm no drinking
Rocky: And that's a great combination I sleep really well. I go to bed early now like 930 or 10 and I sleep straight through. I slept too much. I think, I think I'm sleeping like nine and 10 hours sometimes
Rocky: So, but, yeah, it's I don't I'm letting myself do that because
Rocky: I'm not working right now. So it's, it's, kind of, which should be fine.
Rocky: Yeah, I'm
Dr. Belis Aladag: Feeling like it.
Right.
Rocky: So work.
Rocky: There's still work. I'm looking for work every day as a consultant and with, you know, Disney or or NBC or one of those studios around here and then also
Rocky: Fundraising. But that's very quiet. I'm so I'm attending a couple of webinars every week, meeting new people checking out my technology.
Rocky: So yeah, actually, I'm pretty healthy and happy.
Rocky: I'm reading this book.
Rocky: I don't know if you've ever heard.
Rocky: Serena talk about this book on fuck yourself.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know, I think she told me she recently read it, or she recently ordered it
Rocky: Now is it
Rocky: She was reading it. When I first saw her two weeks ago. And I'm going to see her again tomorrow. It's really good for some reason, I figured out
Rocky: I mean this last 10 years of my life I've been really weird. It's, I haven't been myself. Since the crash.
Rocky: Steve mention our treasury secretary. I've told you screwed my credit illegally and I lost two shopping centers and fell out of retirement and had to go back to work.
Rocky: And now I'm a month to month guy, but I had two surgeries got on Suboxone got off of it and then three and a half years ago, back on it, due to have surgery.
Rocky: So I'm just trying to get this 10 years past me and go back to myself and I'm starting to feel that that's happening. And I know that getting off the Suboxone is going to be the biggest success of that, if I can do it.
Rocky: But the the point I'm getting to is reading this book.
Rocky: I feel like I have the ability to brush off negative thoughts. Really simply, like it's just so simple, whereas before
Rocky: I was like flypaper every negative thought stuff for a while and it took a lot of energy to get rid of it. And it's, it's sort of like cognitive behavioral therapy becomes second nature. After a while, if you think about it enough.
Rocky: Yeah, and that's happening with me. I'm feel like I'm Teflon I get these negative thoughts like, God, why are they not returning my call maybe our partnership after a coven with this guy in Tennessee.
Rocky: Maybe he's sick of me. I'm just annoying and that's why he's not responding well I choose to decide that that's not it. But he's busy. He doesn't have time to deal with me right now. And that's it. So go be happy go on a bike ride. Yeah.
Rocky: So I'm kind of
Rocky: I'm kind of feeling that this last week and I'm digging it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Aligns a happy for you off. That's such a relief.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know that that burden is off your shoulder of
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah yeah
Dr. Belis Aladag: I think that was an important
Rocky: important first step for handling emotions because reaching for
Rocky: Suboxone was one of the ways that I would get through those negative mental issues.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah yeah
Rocky: No, so that's good. I just had a
Rocky: Nice phone call with my psychiatrist, which when I changed providers. I had to go through a bunch of to get them. They say medications. I got all new providers.
Rocky: And he was asking me if I know he's gay. I'm on by Vance, which I know a lot of people were on, I don't like Adderall, but I
Rocky: was diagnosed with adult ADHD.
Rocky: And that was probably a result of losing everything in cricket and and the fact that I experience depression, but I don't ever have hopelessness. I mean, I
Rocky: I've never been that kind of a person ever so but i'd be sad that this should happen to me, and I can't seem to get over it, you know. But, uh, so by Beyonce. I like
Rocky: I have that I take that every day, but he was saying, I don't really like to give you advice Vance and Monique and at the same time, it's just like uppers and downers so he's we we down or he asked me, Would, would you guys be interested in
Rocky: Taking that part over
Rocky: Because he doesn't want to be the guy that's given me by Vance and Klonopin
Rocky: So what we're doing. First
Rocky: Is, well, I told him I'd ask you whether or not you guys could take that over for him.
Rocky: On the other hand, he's
Rocky: We're going down to three, three a week because I was taking between three and five a week before so 30 tablets. A month was fine.
Rocky: So I have nine tablets left. And quite frankly, I was realizing that sometimes when I felt overwhelmed and I took a Klonopin one milligram during the day. Never at night because of the respiratory issues.
Rocky: Because of
Rocky: I was drinking a lot of Diet cokes. I went through like a little three or four week phase of drinking Diet Dr. Pepper with caffeine during the day and sometimes I felt overwhelmed at two or three o'clock, and it was it was stupid caffeine. It wasn't anything else. So I stopped that.
Rocky: And I don't
Rocky: Really need more than two or three Klonopin during the week for overwhelming kind of circumstances. So we are winding down, but he asked whether or not you would take it over so that the same doctor is not giving uppers and downers
Rocky: I do like Klonopin on occasion, because I know it's there more than I like taking it itself just knowing that it's their meaning. I know I don't have to
Rocky: Hate the feeling of being overwhelmed when I get a call from somebody that says, no, we're not interested in funding you or whatever, like that. So, um, you know, money's really tight. I'm living on unemployment, so you know every phone call is can be overwhelming sometimes so
Rocky: So that was that happened last hour. So I thought I would bring
Rocky: That up and see how you felt. Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, thanks for bringing it up. Yeah. I understand the concern. Yeah, with offers and downers. In fact, I was to be honest, I was kind of questioning myself.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Why you were on that regimen. In the first place, but, um, but, so it's good. I mean, I think that's good. The nice cautious. But in terms of taking it over.
Dr. Belis Aladag: The clonazepam would be something if you wanted to do it through right part that would be something that one of our like psychiatry colleagues would take over could take over. We have
Dr. Belis Aladag: I think we have a few of them. Now we have Mary, who's a nurse practitioner who prescribes and then there's a few others. I don't really know their names, but I mean, so we could do that. But then you might as well. Transfer your vitamins to bright heart.
Dr. Belis Aladag: As well, if you're going to do. I mean, I don't know, to consolidate so you don't have like so many different positions that you're seeing
Rocky: I agree.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You could do that you could you could opt to do that and like established care for your
Dr. Belis Aladag: The psychiatric stuff ADHD and anxiety.
Rocky: I mean, it's such as
Rocky: Yes.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You're doing two a week or trying to stick to a to a week. He's given. So that would be like eight pills for
Rocky: Work. So I'm taking in between three and five. Now he wants to push me to three only a week I have nine left. So we're going to talk in like three weeks or when I run out and go from there. So that gives us some time in the meantime it kind of makes sense to put everything in one place.
Rocky: But if the new psychiatrists might have the same issue, but
Rocky: I'm not taking that much quantity and I'm not drinking at all. And I don't take lump in at night. So I don't know.
Rocky: Why they you know if they're if it's 15 pills, a month. I don't think anybody would have that much of a problem with it. So that means really he shouldn't be having a problem with it, but I was doing 30 a month. And now we're down to 15 so
Dr. Belis Aladag: So maybe, yeah. Just give it, give it a then then maybe wait and see. Like when you talk to him one more time. How that conversation goes and if he's like, if he feels more comfortable and you're able to stick to the 1512 to 15 a month. Right.
Rocky: Yeah, I can. That's easy.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah. And then, like you said, for you. It's more the fact that you know it's there.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, then then anything else right at the security of like, well, I, I have something if I really need it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I think that's the bigger thing for you than the actual medication.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yes. So, so the number shouldn't matter so much. I have a feeling, you'd be okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: With less and you're already saying, yeah, I know I can do it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So let's see. So if he, you know, I think that if you comply and you do less half as much as he used to he'll probably feel more comfortable. Yeah.
Rocky: Let's if I can, if, if it's not a problem to just
Rocky: Um, with the nine left. I'M GOING TO TALK TO HIM ON JUNE 16 which would be three a week.
Rocky: And and we'll, we'll just do that for now and see where that goes. Because if if it ends up being 10 to 15 tablets. A month I'm I don't think you'll, you'll have a problem.
Rocky: I like, I mean, I like this guy a lot really but you know I don't really have any psychic psychiatric problems right now. My only issue is Suboxone wanting to get off of that, really, I mean, I was taking CLANTON, you know, for 10 years
Rocky: After the crash it helped because I mean it was there.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And you're on search willing to right
Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know the sertraline the clonazepam in the finance, you know, ADHD, and
Rocky: That's, that's true. These pills are all helping me. And that's why, probably, I don't feel like I have any psychiatric issues at the moment. I mean,
Dr. Belis Aladag: I, that's good. Yeah.
Rocky: Yeah, stable is good and the fact that I was able to do
Rocky: 16 for a week. That was really good.
Dr. Belis Aladag: is amazing. I'm so I'm so happy about that news.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So for our to move forward. We had given you enough for for a day at the last script.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And go do you what do you want to do this time now that
Rocky: I want to do.
Rocky: I would like to do three films.
Rocky: Oh, so I have the extra if I want
Rocky: But that I'll feel really good.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay.
Rocky: Doing to, um, and then also the on dental town, but this time.
Rocky: You want sublingual
Dr. Belis Aladag: sublingual. Let me see if I it comes out. This one is the oral tablet that came up last
Rocky: Yeah, that was a problem that doesn't. I don't like that. I don't take them.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So that's the other thing is, I thought that you didn't do even do take these like
Dr. Belis Aladag: Like I you didn't
Rocky: Drink
Rocky: Since I quit drinking. I've taken a take them a lot less
Rocky: But
Rocky: I still find myself a little bit nauseous. In the morning, for some reason, sometimes I mean maybe five times a week.
Rocky: So I just take to those sub link walls. And for some reason, I just fix it and I go on with my day.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, I'm just
Dr. Belis Aladag: Thinking like what are we masking here because it's not. I mean, it's a little concerning to me that you have
Dr. Belis Aladag: Nausea, out of nowhere, without us knowing, like why why do you have it. Is it is it acid reflux, and if so, then you know you should be taking something like a result like protonix or
Rocky: Something's not acid reflux.
Rocky: On when I have acid reflux, which is a couple times a month, I take Zantac and it fixes it immediately.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You take it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's not a chronic, this feels different. This isn't just nausea.
Rocky: It's just a little bit of nausea and it was mostly associated with with drinking and now that I don't. It's less, but I still find myself like I took two pills. This morning, even though I don't have any more sublingual
Rocky: Because I just kind of felt a little bit weird, a little bit nauseous. For some reason, I don't know why. Maybe I'll start paying attention to that some some more as to why like what did I eat the night before and stuff like that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, I would. Because, you know, yeah. And like less is more. If we can you know get you off of this to like it's one less thing you have to worry about and and like I said it's not
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's not a typical thing. It's not something that you know we should normalize like what's going on with your gas Strix stuff like what's happening there. So, so, yeah, look at patterns look at what you're eating and then you may want to also ask your primary care doctor about
Dr. Belis Aladag: I did say, hey, I told her.
Rocky: I told her about it and I was supposed to give us another client colonoscopy, except they canceled all those I didn't tell her about it. So we're working on.
Dr. Belis Aladag: It. We want to scope from the top two to see, is there anything going on.
Dr. Belis Aladag: From the top, and then. Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so what's coming out for
Dr. Belis Aladag: For for this in my in this formulary that's popping up is a four milligram tablet, which is not the one you want. There's a four milligram disintegrating strip and then there's a there is a this integrating tablet.
Rocky: disintegrating tablet is what I've been taking. That's the one. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Let's get you that one.
Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Alrighty.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Patient tolerated previously. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: God and you said you take
Dr. Belis Aladag: Two in the mornings or
Rocky: I mean, yeah.
Rocky: Two in the morning when I feel it. So whatever whatever you
Rocky: Gave you say
Rocky: Well, yeah, the month before you gave me the pill version, it was the right amount
Dr. Belis Aladag: That was 90 pills. So that would give you three a day and you would take them.
Rocky: I only take two a day usually
Dr. Belis Aladag: Just do two to two times a day.
Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I mean, if you need more will give you more. I'm just, I just, I'm just concerned if you're nauseous every morning. I mean, it's a little
Rocky: It's not every morning, but
Rocky: I do seem to go through them.
Rocky: They do taste good.
Rocky: It's like the, you know, it's sort of the sublingual work like with that.
Rocky: There is no side effects or addictive anything on those. Is it. What's the, what's the issue.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I don't think there's an addictive property that I've ever heard of. Right.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Now addict.
Dr. Belis Aladag: But in term side effects. Every medication as possible side effects. And after a while, I don't know.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I and with particular one, I don't know, I'm not
Rocky: I'll start paying attention to what it is or
Rocky: What could be an all see
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Just a recommendation, just for your general health
You know, yeah.
Rocky: So that's
Rocky: Today that 60 comes in boxes, I think.
Rocky: Okay, however many that is 60
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. And then, and then we want to do.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Three times in three films a day even though you're going to really try to stick to this new routine of 16 of us to a day.
Rocky: Right, okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So let's do the Suboxone
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. Well, I think that's great. I think this one thing worked well and you feel good, you know, you're motivated to stick to it because it physically makes you feel good.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Mm hmm. So, so when when
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then let's stabilize on this. Let's see how you do. If you can stick to a whole month of of that that means
Dr. Belis Aladag: You would have a month and a half's worth almost or something like that. Maybe a little less than that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: The map. But anyway, the point is, let's see if you could stick to it. Keep a log of what you're doing.
Rocky: Yeah, I do that now.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, good.
Rocky: Everything I put in my body is now on the computer.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Sweet. Okay, good. That's a good thing because you want to
Dr. Belis Aladag: Really be accurate about what you're doing, especially since you want to wind down or stick to a certain regimen. It's good to be okay. Okay. So yeah, that's
Rocky: just hoping that there isn't, if we, if we go a whole month at 16
Rocky: What's the next step.
Rocky: Would it be 12 would it be a
Rocky: I don't
Rocky: Wanna. I don't want to feel those withdrawals where I started to feel fluey and all that.
Rocky: So,
Rocky: I mean, you've probably got more experience than I do. Although I'm taking us longer
Rocky: So the question I'm getting at is
Rocky: What can I look forward to. If I stabilize at 16 would then be we would start on 12
Dr. Belis Aladag: Well,
Rocky: A couple of weeks.
Dr. Belis Aladag: 12 yeah we could do 12 if you're worried about 12 we could try to do. We could convert to the two milligram films and go to like
Dr. Belis Aladag: 14 from 16 we can
Rocky: Go, I can, I can call them. It's just, it's
Rocky: Just as easy.
Dr. Belis Aladag: To quarter. I mean, yeah.
Rocky: Yeah, yeah. To do that,
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm used to. Yeah, we could do that. We could just go from 16 to 14
Rocky: So we do like a go down two milligrams every couple of weeks.
Um,
Rocky: Does the
Rocky: What would a sensitive body like mine, be able to do that without any withdrawals.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I i mean i i can't guarantee use zero withdrawal. I mean, I think there might be some discomfort. As we step down. But I think if we go slow enough, it'll be
Dr. Belis Aladag: Minimal like you'll be like, Yeah, you know, maybe you're a little achy or you're feeling a little more anxious or something, I don't know, something subtle but
Dr. Belis Aladag: Not like dramatic enough to be disruptive to your day. But you, you probably will feel a little something, you know, as we go down. But if we do it so slowly and so gently like you probably will be like it's tolerable and then you'll stabilize, you know, and then we'll, we'll kind of stuff.
Rocky: So I hope that works. I do. I hope this this doing it really slow like this works.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah.
Rocky: Because you know when I tried to do that eight milligram. And I was like, wow, I can do this, you know, the fourth day last month I felt really awful. That was very discomfort was big.
Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: We don't want it. We want to go very gently, where you're like,
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm not feeling optimal but I'm okay. Like, I can do this. And then, and then give it a few days and then you stabilize and you're like, Okay, I feel normal again.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then we drop. Again, you know, like we're gonna, I think we should do it that way tier by tier. And so, like right now you're at 16 and you're feeling good. You look great. You're saying you feel
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know, so
Dr. Belis Aladag: I do, so it's awesome. So, so this is what I'm talking about. So let's stabilize here let's let's keep it at 16 let's not oscillate. The best you can, you know, not to go up.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then if you do, you know, we talked about it. Like what happened, how can we keep you at this level. And then we just keep going if you can stick to it. Great. We can keep going, you know,
Rocky: Okay. Sounds good. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So don't don't anticipate badness. It's not going to be horrible. You know, we're gonna we're gonna try to finesse it the best we can. So that you're minimally feeling it.
Rocky: Okay. All right. That's, that's good. I wish that I wasn't so sensitive, like I was talking, you know, my psychotic just didn't think it was necessarily should be diagnosed as having an opioid disorder opioid use because I never really took more than I had a couple early fills.
Rocky: And pharmacies drove me crazy for a while but
Rocky: The point is, is that
Rocky: I am not mentally addicted to these like I would quit tomorrow if I didn't feel like shit completely shit.
Rocky: It's so discomforting for me that
Rocky: If we do it slow. I think that's probably the only way I'm going to be able to beat this.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You didn't do it. Yeah. No, I know. I think you're going to do this, it'll be it'll be fine. You just need patience and and
Dr. Belis Aladag: Just persistence and discipline about like your 1pm thing like that was great. You kept yourself to it. No excuses. Boom. That's how you have to proceed.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And mentally you're finding less excuses to take it like you said you're changing the way you think about things in your life and stuff. So you have less
Dr. Belis Aladag: Temptation
Dr. Belis Aladag: To like skew it you know
So it's all good.
Rocky: Yeah. And the other thing is sometimes if I really, really like I remember I was telling Dr eyes rolling. This is that I can replace wanting to take the feeling of wanting to take another film with taking a Klonopin instead
Rocky: And I've done that in the past, to see if it works. And it does, but I don't have a particular
Rocky: Thing for Benz's myself. I have never like unlike
Rocky: Opioids I have never really dug Benz's at all. I mean, just, it helps to feel get rid of the overwhelming feeling, but I don't feel high. Yeah, I'm a big guy in one milligram is not much. By the way, my diets i mean i i started exercising every day since I've seen you.
Rocky: And that's good.
Rocky: I haven't weighed myself yet but I'm I hope I'm losing now but that's another battle. I'm working on. So,
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm glad.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, they was all right. Well, we will talk next week, stick to the 16 I prescribed the two things, and hopefully the XO friend or the, you know, and ondansetron is the correct one. So you'll see
Dr. Belis Aladag: If not, they can call they can call right hard or you can call Danielle is the liaison and will change it, it's no big deal but i think i mean that's the only option and gave me gave me a strip or a tablet that disintegrates so
Rocky: Okay. That should be the one that doesn't say sublingual on it though.
Dr. Belis Aladag: No, just says disintegrating.
Rocky: How do you do you already
Dr. Belis Aladag: Resolved in your mouth. It just kind of melt.
Rocky: Yeah okay um
Dr. Belis Aladag: But it doesn't have to be under your tongue. It just in your mouth somewhere it melts.
Rocky: Yeah, okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So this is like
Dr. Belis Aladag: The box and it has to be under your tongue.
Rocky: Oh, that's right. So do you actually order this electronically, or do you give it to bright heart and they do it because they can make sure with whoever calls the pharmacy. But if it goes in electronically. It's
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's electronically going direct
Rocky: To the pharmacy.
Rocky: All right, well, I think, I think there can't be any mistake this time. If you put the dissolving tablets.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah yeah
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay.
Rocky: It should be good.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. All right, take care. All right.
Rocky: Bye bye.
Jason Casey: Good afternoon.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Hey, good afternoon.
Tommie Timmons: Good afternoon. How are you doing today.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Good. How are you guys doing
Tommie Timmons: Oh boy. Soon, very quiet. I'm good, how are you
Dr. Belis Aladag: Good, good. I'm so Jason What's up with you. I know Tommy said what happened time and you forgot
Tommie Timmons: Something. Now I fell asleep. That's
Tommie Timmons: Back working so
Tommie Timmons: Like they got me doing on 630 to five in the morning.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Wow.
Tommie Timmons: Yeah, so I took it.
Tommie Timmons: But shoot unemployment was paying me more.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh really,
Tommie Timmons: Yeah, yes, I
Jason Casey: Meant right now than I did. It might, um,
Tommie Timmons: Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: More money with unemployment than you do with your job. Wow.
Dr. Belis Aladag: That that is not an incentive to work.
Tommie Timmons: At all.
Jason Casey: Not at all. I don't want to go back my shit I
Dr. Belis Aladag: Just terrible like the comedy is just going to be a man. This is crazy.
Tommie Timmons: Oh, that's what our President is doing on purpose, but I will get off in today because I got a whole bunch of us on that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'll kind of a message this. I mean, it's great that we have support for unemployment, but but then we got to have a long term solution of, like, people need to go back to work and make money, you know,
Tommie Timmons: Mm hmm.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Very weird
Jason Casey: Yeah, they were saying that like if your employer offers you your job.
Jason Casey: Back.
Jason Casey: And you deny it, they'll cancel your unemployment. So that's one incentive, I guess. But how, how are they going to know unless you're
Tommie Timmons: Oh, they're going to know. Yeah. But this is what kills me is that, um, they're talking about. They're going to waive your rent and you know your cable and your bills and everything and stuff. And then you're just be
Tommie Timmons: You know liable for those bills. Once you know the pandemic is over and everything that stuff. If I'm having trouble paying them now. How the hell am I gonna pay three and four months.
Jason Casey: All
Tommie Timmons: Together this
Jason Casey: Man, yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So,
Jason Casey: See, everybody into a hole.
Tommie Timmons: But see this guy he is. He allowed this to happen, so he can come through as a savior. They're going to reelect this buffoon. They're gonna reelect this idiot. But every time. And I don't mean to play the race card, but this is something that might not be related but it's relative um
Tommie Timmons: Every time black people make a step forward as a whole. First we have to fight for our Martin Luther King going to stamp after we get him. Then who did they put on the stamp after that Daffy Duck.
Tommie Timmons: After we get a first black president and everything. Who did they put in there this morning and I'm talking about the medical term moron.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I totally agree with you. I totally agree. You're right, it did feel. I mean, I'm obviously I am not black. But when Obama was elected.
Dr. Belis Aladag: But I was, you know, I like I cried. I remember being so emotional. I couldn't like I was just so proud of, like, being an American of like this happening.
Tommie Timmons: Like we make a step forward.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yes, it felt like progress. Like, this is awesome, like we're in
Dr. Belis Aladag: Exactly the world like this is great. Yeah, foot steps forward and then the next thing, like you said, is like an extreme multiple steps backward like
Dr. Belis Aladag: Embarrassed right
Tommie Timmons: Did
You like
Tommie Timmons: If I was another country distributor bourbon. Time to attack.
Tommie Timmons: Because I will respect him or his cabinet.
Tommie Timmons: This is a perfect time to attack.
Tommie Timmons: But I got a lot of views towards that guy when they told me when they asked him about this coronas virus and everything.
Tommie Timmons: I don't worry about it, we got it under control and blew it off.
Tommie Timmons: But he knew what he was doing.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah.
Tommie Timmons: He knew what he was doing. They allowed to ship to come over here and attack us. They started bringing all of these people over here from them boats and documentary in California, why
Tommie Timmons: Where's the biggest homeless population that the state of California.
Tommie Timmons: But they got to control it somehow. So how they gonna do that set it off in the jail's
Tommie Timmons: Population control.
Tommie Timmons: And everyone that are warned us about about this, about this this virus in this this thing that's going to change the world like it has
Tommie Timmons: I mean, this is a worldwide problem. And I'm scared I'm concerned, this is a worldwide problem I have maybe I wouldn't be lying if I said I have I have mask everywhere.
Tommie Timmons: I have masks. Everywhere. Everywhere I got all kinds of different mass
Jason Casey: That's awesome.
Tommie Timmons: I have all kinds of different mask.
Tommie Timmons: This is ridiculous. You're
Dr. Belis Aladag: Ready, you're ready. Tell me, man.
Jason Casey: I've only got the one mass. My mom sewed for me. And I did.
Tommie Timmons: Have one in every car I drive
Tommie Timmons: And all my bike.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Good. No, I agree. This is a crazy situation we're in. But, um, yeah. Wow, are you guys are you guys doing any zoom like a meetings or anything like that. Like community.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Support meeting.
Jason Casey: I tried like the recovery Dharma thing.
Jason Casey: It was more like
Jason Casey: Meditation focus and mindfulness
Jason Casey: I tried a couple of times now on the zoom
Tommie Timmons: It's interesting.
Jason Casey: I think if I were there in person. I wouldn't be able to handle it. I'd have too much anxiety and I just freak out.
Jason Casey: But, with it being on zoom. I can kind of just block the screen where I can't yet and I don't even have to show my video and I can just listen along and talk. I want to. Oh, that's
Dr. Belis Aladag: That's true.
Dr. Belis Aladag: That's, that's an interesting. Look at that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Because, yeah.
Jason Casey: Patients that are shy or anxious
Jason Casey: The good way to get them into the those kinds of groups and they don't actually have to put themselves in an uncomfortable situation.
Dr. Belis Aladag: They have control over how much they can expose or not.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I like that. Okay, that's a very good take on it recovery Dharma someone else was saying there's something called conscious recovery, which is a Buddhist
Dr. Belis Aladag: based thing conscious recovery.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And they do like 2030, is that the same thing. It's not right.
Jason Casey: It sounds very, very familiar. If it's not the same, it's probably an offshoot
Dr. Belis Aladag: It may be
Jason Casey: Like I said, I've only done it twice now so I don't really know too much.
Jason Casey: But was that helping me
Tommie Timmons: Jason is it helping me
Jason Casey: Nah, it's too soon to say like
Jason Casey: Oh, crap.
Jason Casey: I know I'm just
Jason Casey: Checking it out.
Tommie Timmons: If you are all later on, man. You have any more information about that I'd be interested in hearing it.
Jason Casey: Yeah. Not a problem.
Tommie Timmons: Yeah, it almost sounds like metaphysical philosophy, but it also also sounds like a little bit of cognitive behavioral
Tommie Timmons: Theory. I'm also
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, exactly. It's probably which is good. Yeah.
Hmm.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Um, and Jason, it's, it's free, right. You just Googled it and found it or how did you
Jason Casey: Yep, no, I just googled alternatives to a na and that was one of the ones that came up
Dr. Belis Aladag: Awesome. Okay, cool.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Cool.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Um, okay. So you're doing that. Are you you're sticking to that, to see if it'll help. There's a smart recovery smart recovery is more the cognitive behavioral therapy based stuff.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I think they
Dr. Belis Aladag: They do it that way.
Dr. Belis Aladag: But anyway, so. Okay, so that's what you're doing. So Jason, you look good today. You seem happy and happy are you doing well.
I'm
Jason Casey: Kinda I guess last week was intense. I had
Jason Casey: Having to leave my house and getting a hotel room to get away from an unsafe situation.
Jason Casey: So that's actually why I missed yesterday is I was in the process of moving and setting up the new internet I found a new room to rent. I moved in.
Jason Casey: But other than that, I've been good.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Wow, that sounds like some drama, but you've you've, you know, gotten past it.
Jason Casey: Is in the past.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Do you feel safe now where you're at. Do you feel like
Tommie Timmons: Yeah.
Jason Casey: I like the place where I'm at now there's cool roommates. Everybody gets along. Nice and the homeowner has dogs. So my dog has friends to play with.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Well, that's good. That's so great. Okay. Good. I'm glad I'm okay, good. And then in terms of your medication Jason you yeah your pharmacist was like oh you you can't fill until that Thursday or something. The 14
Jason Casey: Yeah. That was really weird.
Jason Casey: I still have leftovers from Kaiser
Jason Casey: And I wonder if maybe that's what master. I was that
Dr. Belis Aladag: Did that trauma, but no Kaiser, you would go to a Kaiser pharmacy.
Jason Casey: Yeah, well, and I had already had it like I had the prescription at home because they gave me a month's worth when I lost my insurance, um,
Jason Casey: But yeah, I still had maybe like a day extras when you call them cap.
Jason Casey: Prescription and the one I had picked up beforehand was only a three day supply
Jason Casey: So I was a little confused. So I don't know how the day is got messed up. But it's all on track.
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's all on track.
Jason Casey: Okay, yeah, I was able to get it. So I'm good.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You're good. Okay, so I can give you a week's worth again and you'll be good. Yes.
Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm going to try to give you guys a like eight days instead of seven days, just to kind of give you wiggle room.
Tommie Timmons: That would help me.
Tommie Timmons: Yeah. What helped me a great deal, man.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know,
Dr. Belis Aladag: Not to encourage you to miss stuff, but I understand, you know, things happen and whatever you have and you don't want to be completely strapped there without anything
Dr. Belis Aladag: You
Jason Casey: Know it gives you peace of mind having that extra day just
Tommie Timmons: Yeah yeah
Jason Casey: Hey, something happens. If you can't get ahold of anybody here.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah.
Tommie Timmons: Actually, they're pretty good at bright heart, um, they never not been able to contact anyone or help them solve my issues they got a girl there a young lady named my Danielle and
Tommie Timmons: She's a dynamo. Oh my god.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh, good.
Tommie Timmons: She works miracles, Christina to wensley he's good. Um, what's the other guy all of them, all of them are really great all you guys are really good.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I love hearing. Good stuff.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I mean, I can hear the bad stuff to Jason if there's bad stuff.
Jason Casey: No, I went over all that in my therapy appointment I got another tip for next week.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, okay. So Jason, you're on the
Dr. Belis Aladag: Middle one right
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so I'm, I'm going to give you the eight days worth
Dr. Belis Aladag: Which is the 48
Jason Casey: Alright.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Hopefully they're not going to like hold on I think it'll be fine if you're on track. Now you should be on track. When you pick it up.
Jason Casey: Yeah, I should be okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And if it's a few days.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I mean, hopefully they're not going to like hold for just because you're a day earlier.
Jason Casey: Well, that's what they did to me last week.
Jason Casey: Was just one day.
Jason Casey: I might switch pharmacies, this keeps happening. Oh.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Really yeah lets you figured out because, you know, honestly. That is up to the discretion of the pharmacists, some are very like, Oh my God, it says one week's worth and you're here, what day early
Dr. Belis Aladag: And it's like, dude, I'm going to be on this long term, you know, like this is a maintenance medication. I'm going to be coming every week like it can't be dealing with this.
Jason Casey: Yeah.
Tommie Timmons: What I did was I just made fun I made friends with everybody at the pharmacy. I made sure they knew my name. I made sure I knew their name.
Tommie Timmons: And when I walk in, I, I speak to them by their name, so that way they get, you know, my kitchen. That way they get used to seeing me and then that way when something happened, they're more than willing to help me, you know, kind of resolve whatever situation that I'm impressed with
Dr. Belis Aladag: Tommy, you're like a slob guy, man. Like, I don't know. That's
Dr. Belis Aladag: That's very smart.
Tommie Timmons: I mean, one time. I'm trying to make everything to smooth the transition as smooth as possible and I mean I have to do what I mean. What I supposed to do at the same time, but sometimes
Tommie Timmons: Other outside elements kind of affect your, you know, your program so you know when that happens and stuff. You need to have all the assistance, you can get to get back on track.
Tommie Timmons: Exact why alienated anyone when you're trying when you're the one that you know you're the one that's weak.
Tommie Timmons: You know, you need help. So why alienating that's like cussing at somebody that's cooking food, they're going to fit in.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I need you to teach a Life Skills class. Can I have you do that we can have like
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm so serious, because honestly what you just said seems so simple, but wouldn't you agree, Jason that a, you know, maybe not everybody's temperament is, you know,
Dr. Belis Aladag: As outgoing, so you may not think of doing that or whatever and be
Dr. Belis Aladag: Most of us fight the system instead of time to come, the system down for ourselves before things get bad. I think
Dr. Belis Aladag: That's a life skill that you have that you're like already thinking ahead like hey, it might be helpful to be friendly with people just in the event that I need their help in the future.
Tommie Timmons: Then treat me like I'm norm, when I walk into the pharmacy. It's like, all I'm Tommy, you know,
Tommie Timmons: The thing.
Tommie Timmons: They all like Tommy, you know,
Tommie Timmons: It's kind of cool stuff.
Tommie Timmons: And everybody turned around, like, who the hell is this guy.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know,
Tommie Timmons: I'm right with you and they'll like make sure
Tommie Timmons: That, you know, I don't have to stand in line. Sometimes, you know, they'll just like we already got the time to come over here. I got you. And somebody else will stop doing what they're doing to come over and you know
Tommie Timmons: Take care of me and keep me out of here because they're familiar that I'm coming in there for the same thing once a week, and every
Tommie Timmons: Every weekend.
Tommie Timmons: Yeah yeah
Tommie Timmons: Great. So it worked out.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I love it. Wow, that's pretty brilliant. I'm glad.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I think that's what a smooth way to get through life.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Instead of like the other way around, which is get tripped up and then get angry and then they're mad at you and you're like,
Tommie Timmons: Well, you know what I learned now mad. Don't get you shoot
Yeah.
Tommie Timmons: Man, somebody to get
Dr. Belis Aladag: Angry so so situation.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I can tell you it doesn't do much. Besides, you get it like
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then looking like a crazy person.
Tommie Timmons: Exactly. And then you're going back and forth. So don't if somebody standing around watching you and that other person in this dialogue that's kind of heated, you know, it can tell who. Which one of y'all are, you know, making sense and which one of y'all are really wrong.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yes. And the sad part is you might end up looking like the bad guy when I hear the bass.
Tommie Timmons: And then by me being black to play the race card again, but by me being black ish
Tommie Timmons: That was a funny joke I'm sorry I i want to be doing it. That was funny, but by me being black is
Tommie Timmons: I have to keep in mind that if I behave. Any other way other than what they anticipate need to behave like
Tommie Timmons: That is going to lend credence to what they believe about black men as a whole, we're hot headed. You know I'm saying where I'm stable work you know explosive where you confront you were combative. You understand what I'm trying to say.
Tommie Timmons: And and so I'm looking out for my whole
Tommie Timmons: Race when I'm doing stuff like that, you know, in my mind,
Dr. Belis Aladag: That's really good. You know that's that's
Tommie Timmons: I know it sounds stupid but
Dr. Belis Aladag: No it's, it gives you a sense of responsibility beyond just yourself you're thinking about your community and like the situation at large, when you're
Dr. Belis Aladag: Realizing that it's not just about you. There's a whole year intertwined with so many other people. Um, yeah, that's, I think that's awesome tommy. Tommy, you're like rocking it today. Plus, I don't know what's going on. But she's doing good.
Tommie Timmons: I got rid of my fiance.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Let's tell your fiance. You're doing good.
Tommie Timmons: No, we broke up.
Dr. Belis Aladag: No, really.
Yeah.
Jason Casey: It must be that could
Jason Casey: Happen to me, my belief. Oh.
Yeah.
Tommie Timmons: Yeah.
Jason Casey: But we're nothing
Tommie Timmons: Over nothing is over nothing.
Tommie Timmons: But in all actuality. I'm a little more at peace.
Tommie Timmons: Now then, I was with her because she was always on me about getting my medicine, you know I'm saying, or did you do this. Did you do that do to do this and it frustrated me that you know I'm a grown ass man, I don't need you to remind me to take my Suboxone I know I have to take on Suboxone
Tommie Timmons: You understand what I'm saying this is my life. And thanks for reminding me. But damn Babe, you know, kind of, chill. Just a little bit.
Tommie Timmons: You know I'm saying that. Then she jumped from once you know extreme to the next. And I didn't realize it until after we broke up that excuse my terminology, but this bitch was crazy.
Jason Casey: I had a similar revelation. Because after
Jason Casey: I left my husband started calling my parents and
Jason Casey: Tell him these like
Jason Casey: Weird far out stories of me doing all these crazy things just because I wouldn't answer the phone to talk to them. So he got my parents all worried they're calling me freaking out.
Jason Casey: Oh,
Tommie Timmons: Yeah, he's already good at BRO, HE'S
Tommie Timmons: Insane. How long were you guys together, Jason.
Jason Casey: It'd be our four year anniversary this
Tommie Timmons: Year.
Dr. Belis Aladag: For years, both
Tommie Timmons: Yes, yes.
Dang.
Dr. Belis Aladag: It must be that time a year. You're right.
Jason Casey: What's your zodiac symbol, maybe it's our sign.
Tommie Timmons: I'm only I'm only oh
Jason Casey: No doesn't work.
Tommie Timmons: Your cast all your sweetheart.
Tommie Timmons: Don't Care Bear.
Yeah, your character.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I see. Wow, you guys are going through similar stuff and and Jason
Dr. Belis Aladag: Like do you feel like, and do you Tommy also feel like this is it, or you guys don't know or
Tommie Timmons: I'm done.
Jason Casey: I'm done.
Tommie Timmons: See, I'm the type of person I can forgive you, but I just can't forgive why I had to forgive you.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Good one.
Tommie Timmons: You do that. Did that make any sense.
Tommie Timmons: Yeah, I can forgive you, but I can't get over the fact of why I had to forgive you.
Yeah.
Tommie Timmons: So I know neither you know I'm saying kind of beating a dead horse, you know, I mean, more than likely, as you know, the log on, put something out there better for me and I'm happy, I'm good.
Jason Casey: And so I look at it.
Jason Casey: Bigger and better things out there, right.
Tommie Timmons: Yeah.
Tommie Timmons: And even if it is, and I'm okay with me.
Tommie Timmons: Exactly like me.
Tommie Timmons: I like me now.
Tommie Timmons: I like to Tommy that tier. Now, you know, I didn't like the Tommy. That was back then, you know,
Tommie Timmons: But I like this time this comedy right here. Okay.
Tommie Timmons: Oh, I'm just
Tommie Timmons: Yeah, just trying to stand firm with it.
Tommie Timmons: And get used to it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Glad I mean it seems like you're okay and Jason, you seem to. I mean, I'm glad you found a good place to stay. You have people that you can you have, they're like that you think are pretty cool your roommate.
Dr. Belis Aladag: This is good, fresh start.
Jason Casey: Yo,
Jason Casey: Yeah.
Tommie Timmons: Yeah and you know look at it is
Dr. Belis Aladag: You create your new routines and your new environment. And then that's your new home, you know, and that's it.
Tommie Timmons: Well, fortunately for me. I have my own place. I have my own place.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Good, good.
Tommie Timmons: I have my own
Dr. Belis Aladag: That's awesome.
So,
Tommie Timmons: I had been over her house because of her insecurities about, you know what I was doing when I wasn't with her.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So,
Tommie Timmons: So she kind of felt a little uncomfortable about that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay.
Tommie Timmons: But I'm okay with
Tommie Timmons: But
Dr. Belis Aladag: You have your own place. I'm so glad
Tommie Timmons: Yeah, so, um,
Tommie Timmons: I didn't never
Tommie Timmons: I never moved in with her and when she asked me to. I told her knowledge do a little trial thing and see how that works out and we'll go from there. Good thing I did.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah.
Tommie Timmons: Good thing I did because it had I gave up my apartment. I would have been asked out
Jason Casey: Screwed right now.
Yeah.
Tommie Timmons: Yeah, so I mean it worked out the way it worked out. I prayed over and I'll let it go.
Dr. Belis Aladag: For you.
Tommie Timmons: I'm good, I'm good.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I hope, I hope it'll just open you up to new new and good better
Tommie Timmons: Know now everybody's trying to hook me up with their friends.
Tommie Timmons: They want to catch
Jason Casey: Up on that because trying to find a date right now in quarantine sucks.
Tommie Timmons: I don't want a date. I want to be in love. I want to take
Tommie Timmons: Care of my woman. I want to be, you know, I want a cupcake. I wanna, I wanna, you know, I wanna, I wanna,
Tommie Timmons: Fuck, I want to make love i wanna i want to be happy. I want to be with the woman that's going to be with me.
Jason Casey: Yeah, I'm right there.
Tommie Timmons: And you know, I want to be.
Tommie Timmons: You know, in you know like in a symbiotic relationship where we both are prosper and from
Tommie Timmons: Where she ain't no kind of complements me and I compliment her
Tommie Timmons: And it's kind of hard to find because I'm kind of high brow. So it's kind of hard for me to find women that are on my page or on my level, not that my shit is so together. But even in my darkest times
Tommie Timmons: My mind is different from the average guy. I don't think along the lines of, you know, the status quo, I think, a little weird, for lack of a better word, you
Tommie Timmons: Know, and so what I'm gonna do is I kind of just taking consideration that Water seeks its own level you're going to ever see ocean what urban jungle never said, Like what upon you can never see a puddle. What a river or lake.
Tommie Timmons: Water seeks its own level. So, and then, you know, and you know, just in life. I believe that whatever I need to have around me is going to come find me.
Dr. Belis Aladag: That's that's
Tommie Timmons: frickin crickets crickets crickets.
Tommie Timmons: It's
Dr. Belis Aladag: Like on fire today.
Dr. Belis Aladag: But
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, I think, I think we both agree Jason and I are just sky like so going in, in China, you know, picture. The puddles and the rivers and the yeah
Tommie Timmons: Well, I try talking descriptive.
Tommie Timmons: Terms and stuff and it gets on people nerve and stuff.
Dr. Belis Aladag: No, it's beautiful, beautiful. No, I can really picture what you're saying and I appreciate it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I appreciate both of you today. Thanks for coming in. And I got your medication squared away so no worries.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And we'll, we'll chat, again, hopefully, Tommy, you'll be okay to join us in the mornings. If not, you know, I have the afternoon groups to if you really want to change group, but I like, I like that you're in the guys group. I mean,
Dr. Belis Aladag: The one pretty cool, but
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's up to things.
Tommie Timmons: Like I'll stay
Tommie Timmons: I'll stay warm.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Let's try. Oh.
Tommie Timmons: No, no.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Bye guys have
Jason Casey: All right.
Tommie Timmons: Take care of Jason, man.
Tommie Timmons: Take care, have a nice day.
Tommie Timmons: Hey guys, be safe. Take care. Bye bye.
Bye.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, the cures reports for all those people was without any unusual activity.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And now I'm admitting a new patient by the name of Sarah Floyd first person shooters are poured into show that she was prescribed in the past year. The only activity was in November of 2019 she was prescribed Diazepam and Suboxone 12 milligrams films by a Dr. Chris Welsh
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh, there's that. Okay, so she's a new patient word Menninger
Dr. Belis Aladag: Hello.
Sara Floyd: Hi.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Hi Sarah. How are you doing, I'm Dr. Ella, Dad.
Sara Floyd: meet you, how are you
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh, good, good. Um, so, so you are. Are you new to bright heart or have you been with us in the past.
Sara Floyd: Yeah, I knew
Dr. Belis Aladag: You knew. Okay. Um, and I was able to pull up on there's like a state database to look at, like any prescribed controlled substances and through that I saw that back in November, you
Sara Floyd: You right back to work.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah. Dr. Welsh Suboxone
Sara Floyd: He's my favorite doctor. Yeah, he's great, but I can't live in Baltimore.
Dr. Belis Aladag: But you can't
Sara Floyd: I can't live a Baltimore, and that's where he is so
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh, I see. So that was in Baltimore.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yes. And did you take the Suboxone. Like, were you on it for a while or
Sara Floyd: Guy and I have been and it's been successful in the past, and I am I'm taking it right now, but it's off the street. I haven't stopped taking it really to except for when I would relapse.
Sara Floyd: And it was because I didn't have any continued care following and there's a bunch of crazy stuff going on. But yes, it definitely works to me.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, and your dose is what
Sara Floyd: What is, what are you tour and I'm on 24 milligrams a day. Still, which is pretty hot.
Dr. Belis Aladag: But I mean, if it holds you do think it holds your cravings at that level.
Sara Floyd: That I have to take it twice a day because of my metabolism, but yes.
Okay, no.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. Um, so tell me a bit about yourself like what, let's, let's go back to, like, I don't know your childhood teenage years. Like, when did you start drinking was an alcohol that started
Sara Floyd: With
Sara Floyd: A very abusive home I ran away at 15 I started drinking I drank. I was allergic to alcohol to the point where I got a rational at fat so i i started dating this rich kid. I got introduced to heroin and it's just been a battle on and off since I was 19
Sara Floyd: I'm covered in scars. Yeah, it's awful. So
Dr. Belis Aladag: Since 19 that was when you were
Sara Floyd: Introduced center right i would say 99 so maybe I was actually 19 before it really started to get bad
Sara Floyd: And then my connection with heroin peaks. When I was about 26
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, heroin is when you were 26, he said.
Sara Floyd: Now, I started when I was 19 but it didn't peak until I was 26 then I got really just like absolutely impossible to stop.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, got it. And then I'm, um, and did you what what is your treatment history like did you end up going to a residential we have ever
Sara Floyd: Yes, I was at when about three years ago in San Francisco. It was a harm reduction rehab and
Sara Floyd: It actually was really, really helpful and and I stayed sober for a while that I married a sociopath who has cancer and everything kind of devolved and thought hard about a year and a half after that so
Sara Floyd: You know, I've had a lot of time where I was just on Suboxone and then if I don't have a doctor, following the eye or therapy. Of course it's not gonna
Sara Floyd: You know, it's not helping. If I therapy with it. But yes, so the medicine does hold me. But see, I can't find it on the street or something. Eventually, I'm not going to put up with being sick. You know what I mean.
Sara Floyd: So,
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah. Well, I'm glad you're here and you you have medical setup now so everything's gonna be okay, right, I mean in terms of
Sara Floyd: Yeah, yeah. I called him yesterday, I have one more call with them today, but it was fine.
Sara Floyd: That's really
Dr. Belis Aladag: Good, good. Um, any allergies to medication.
Sara Floyd: Not that I do.
Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Um, and then and then you said you got married.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Are you now divorced or are you still married but separated or
Sara Floyd: Yeah, it's, it's a divorce. It's, it's not it's going through. He's dying. I don't know what's happening. That's awful, awful situation so
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yes. Sounds sounds like it. Is he in Baltimore.
Sara Floyd: Now he's in LA, I came back to get a divorce. Okay.
Gotcha.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, and then
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, any siblings any family members or since you left at
Dr. Belis Aladag: 15 never looked back. Kind of thing or
Sara Floyd: And my mother stole my kid. I know I have no family.
Dr. Belis Aladag: told me about your choice. So you have one child.
Sara Floyd: I do. She's a but I haven't seen her in four years. And my mom is also says you have had and I went to court. Part of the reason I relapse and valleys, because I had a court case with them and I went last year and
Sara Floyd: It just, I wasn't prepared for court. I didn't have any support for that. So that didn't work out. And I had my rights terminated, so part of this is trying to appeal the case to I need to get my shit together and start trying to appeal that decision.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yes, yes. Okay. And where, where is your
Dr. Belis Aladag: Mom, or does she look
Sara Floyd: Florida.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Florida. Okay, so that's where your daughters.
Sara Floyd: Yeah, I have no contact whatsoever. Not even a picture. So I really, I have no Paley. Um, I mean, I do like I i you know I'm holding out hope that I'll see her again but
Sara Floyd: I don't have any family. Other than that.
I see.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Um,
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, any history of like trying to harm yourself and you suicidal thing.
As
Sara Floyd: Part of the reason I got your phone number is because I 5152 weeks ago or last week or something. It's been pretty recent i i'm trying to leave sensitize but yeah it's, you know, it gets really desperate.
Sara Floyd: Go and I've been really surprised. So
Sara Floyd: Um, yeah. So I think even if they gave me a prescription for Zoloft that I haven't taken because I didn't have a doctor. I was like, I'm not going to start an SSRI without a doctor, following me.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah.
Sara Floyd: Well, you should, which made me way more suicidal and value.
Sara Floyd: And I have ADHD to so he had he had me on Adderall, but I couldn't ever remember to take my Adderall.
Oh, wow.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay.
Sara Floyd: Okay, I am a mess. And I know it and i i really don't want to be. It's horrible.
Dr. Belis Aladag: While you're taking the steps to help yourself and that's that's commendable, I think you should give yourself credit for that, you know, Sarah, you're going to be okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You're, you're helping yourself.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm sorry. Wow, you got you got a lot of stuff on your shoulders.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. The 5150 okay
Dr. Belis Aladag: Do you feel
Dr. Belis Aladag: I mean, are you okay now.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Past the or yeah
Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Better do
Sara Floyd: Sick anymore I stabilized myself on Suboxone
Sara Floyd: And just kept calling. I was trying to get into impatient, but it doesn't seem like that's very accessible. So I am okay
Sara Floyd: I just gotta do what I gotta do.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm
Sara Floyd: My anxiety.
Sara Floyd: Out unsure what to do about that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so, so, yeah, maybe I'm given your depression, anxiety, and then the recent I think you should, we should have you connect with a psychiatrist with us to, you know,
Dr. Belis Aladag: So I'll help you with your Suboxone and the addiction piece. But I think it's important. I mean, with all the stuff going on that you also have medication management from an actual psychiatrists a specialist in that
Dr. Belis Aladag: So I'm going to, I'm going to ask them.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You get okay
Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And
Dr. Belis Aladag: So for the Suboxone we can continue you on the on the 12 milligrams twice a day dosing
Dr. Belis Aladag: And we what we do is we see each other. You and I see each other in a group.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Format like there's a few other people to that are on. So, most of them are on Suboxone
Dr. Belis Aladag: And we do it in like, Okay. How Was Your Week, Sarah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Do you need anything, any changes, whatever we do a brief like medical check in and then we do like a full group conversation about something recovery based, you know, so it's like a group therapy session.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, as well. So it's like a combo and there's a therapist helping run the group to with me and then you, I think, in addition to the medication help with the psychiatrist from us, I think. I mean, it's mandated that you do individual therapy as well. So you'll have your own one on one therapists.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And I think that'll be helpful to because you already mentioned, it really does help. And I think it helps you organize your thoughts. If nothing else, you know, and have
A staff.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know,
Sara Floyd: I think last time I came up so fast. I was doing before I got married, I was doing so well I mean I had like a radio show. I was everything was so great. I was really doing well. But I had continued care and everything kind of started
Sara Floyd: Getting bad. It took about eight months after stopping all that and then I just went nosedived you know so
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah yeah
Sara Floyd: Very good. Penny charity, followed by a team, so I need the accountability, I think, and just
Sara Floyd: The support so
Dr. Belis Aladag: So tell me about your living situation now. Like, what would it. Where are you, what are you doing, where are you staying
Sara Floyd: I'm staying with a friend.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay.
Sara Floyd: I'm in Joshua Tree at them coming back to LA.
Sara Floyd: And I'm going to go to the quest diagnostic to what do I have to leave a urine or blood is here at night.
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's both.
Sara Floyd: Are you frozen. Great.
Sara Floyd: Can you hear me.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I can hear you, I hear you.
Sara Floyd: I don't know what's going on with the Internet.
Um,
Dr. Belis Aladag: Can you hear me.
Sara Floyd: Yeah, it keeps freezing
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Is normal now okay um yeah quest is urine and blood and they'll check you know
Sara Floyd: Oh, one so hard.
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's hard. Yeah, okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Well, they can try and then if it's too much, then
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know, whatever you do the best you can, I think, I think it's good, though, because it'll will check for, like, you know, HIV, and all those things.
Sara Floyd: Just your Dad at the hospital.
Dr. Belis Aladag: They did. Okay.
Sara Floyd: Yeah I general that when you went 50 they did that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay.
Sara Floyd: Okay, so at
Dr. Belis Aladag: Least you have that
Dr. Belis Aladag: Worst case if you can't get the quest done, then we can maybe get those records from the other place or something. Yeah.
Sara Floyd: They had these an ultrasound so
Sara Floyd: That yeah it's bad, like I'm missing part of my finger I i really really hurt myself. You know it's bad.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh I'm sorry, are you
Dr. Belis Aladag: Are you okay now. Do you have any accessories or anything. Are they
Sara Floyd: Yeah, I do. But I wanted to be like my arm is like covered. I don't if you do this, it's all lovey.
Sara Floyd: I have like tiny to chronic spot from. I don't remember even doing and I guess I just shot it into my leg, it's so fucking gross, it's also bad
Sara Floyd: I'm a mess. I'm falling apart so
Dr. Belis Aladag: Is the Nick Roddick area like do you have, is it like a big one.
Sara Floyd: That there's the idea that are scattered and black. Yeah.
Sara Floyd: And then I have the abscess are tiny. And they're going away and I'm still have like two or three days left and back to them.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. Okay, good. At least you have that
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, I'm okay. And you're seeing at a friend in Joshua Tree said
Sara Floyd: Tonight I'm in Joshua Tree I'm going back to a park today though.
Sara Floyd: Okay, yeah, I came out here to kind of get pretty quiet.
Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: For drug testing, they're going to need like an address to mail you the cup. So you want to keep like a whatever addresses accurate on file.
Sara Floyd: Right.
Sara Floyd: Okay. And I mean, yeah, I can always get stuff from that I just, what did I eat 1531 West sunset is my address on there. I can get my the cup from there if you could sit there. It's not a problem.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay yeah 1531 sunset.
Sara Floyd: Yeah, that's not a problem.
Sara Floyd: Okay, I can get the mail there.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. Um, yeah. What if it comes. It's a manila envelope. Don't open it you just call us and you do the testing you show them the envelope and everything, they'll, they'll walk you through it. Okay, so
Sara Floyd: Okay, so I can't, I can't pass until after I give her
Sara Floyd: So I have to wait till after I get a cup to a test. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, the quest, the quest testing separate you do that anyway. But every month you'll get
Dr. Belis Aladag: In the mouth like our
Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. Um, and I think that's all. Okay, so
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so. So in terms of suicidal thoughts like ideation. If you are low risk medium risk, high risk, I think I'm going to put you as medium risk because of the recent but it's not it's not imminent right you don't feel at risk. You're saying right now. Okay.
Sara Floyd: Oh no, I just feel like shit.
Sara Floyd: But not as bad as I did last week, so
Dr. Belis Aladag: Um, okay. Um, what else, what else talked about family, family.
Dr. Belis Aladag: History The history of like addiction or mental health problems in the family.
Sara Floyd: My everybody
Dr. Belis Aladag: Father.
Sara Floyd: Yeah, my mom. My mom got Borderline Personality Disorder. My dad killed himself. They were both addicts and alcoholics, my grandparents with drugs. I mean, yeah, everybody. And there's so many crazy people in my mother's family. It's out of control.
So, so
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so there's family history. What else any surgeries. Have you had any surgeries.
Sara Floyd: And only to remove horrible abscess i've you know
Sara Floyd: Yeah, like I've had my muscle cut into and stuff.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Vision okay to take out the
Sara Floyd: pluses. Yeah.
Sara Floyd: But I had a shitload of those not all muscle, but that was the worst one right had to be I've had to be put under a few times.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh, man. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Um,
Dr. Belis Aladag: Anything else that you were diagnosed with
Dr. Belis Aladag: You mentioned depression. So were you and he had you on. You said ADHD.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So you were diagnosed with depression.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Anything else
Sara Floyd: No anxiety disorder pants back. Yeah.
Sara Floyd: Yeah. And then I have PTSD.
Sara Floyd: Which is the forefront that
Sara Floyd: No person personality disorders. So far, I don't know, and I'm not sure if I really have major depressive disorder or if it's just situational. You know what I mean, like, that's always been like, yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I don't
Sara Floyd: Think I might have been neurotypical without the trauma. I don't know.
Sara Floyd: Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, and
Dr. Belis Aladag: So yeah, you, you were receiving you are you receiving regular therapy that time that you were doing really well.
Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay.
Sara Floyd: Yeah yeah
Dr. Belis Aladag: So I think, I think this will be it'll be really good. I'm so glad you're connecting again and we can get you the therapy need. And the cool thing is it's portable so it doesn't matter where you're at, you can, you know, continue to your care. Right, so that'll be really good. Yeah.
Sara Floyd: Because a lot of ways, it's safer for cut out with my friends Joshua Tree and calm down for most of the week you know they need to then go back to LA take care of things and
Sara Floyd: That's right now. That's kind of what I need to be doing so.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then job wise or school wise. Are you are you doing, what are you doing
Sara Floyd: I'm looking to get into school
Sara Floyd: I don't have a job right now. And yeah, I mean like temporary disability. I'm yeah I'm not doing well. I totally fell apart and
Sara Floyd: So I'm looking to find something I need to find like a school grant or something, I don't know if there's anything I can do or skip student loans. I don't know.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. Um, do you know what you would want to study or not sure
Sara Floyd: I, I was thinking about doing like an addiction counseling or something.
Sara Floyd: I don't know, like I basically have a street PhD at this point.
Sara Floyd: Yeah, that's good. Inside it out, you know, so
Dr. Belis Aladag: That's true.
Sara Floyd: You know, that's how I started there. I don't know. I don't you know i don't know that i want to deal with addicts for the rest of my life, necessarily, because I've had enough of that. But
Sara Floyd: It's probably a good starting point, because my resume is garbage. Right now, you know, and I'm almost 40 so it's horrifying.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Were you did you have some. So you mentioned a radio show. Did you were in radio or something.
Yeah.
Sara Floyd: Yeah, I don't know how employable. That makes me at this point, though, you know,
Sara Floyd: Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, okay, um,
Dr. Belis Aladag: Anything else that we haven't touched upon that I you know I should know about anything else going on with you.
Sara Floyd: I don't think so. I mean, I have some autoimmune disorders going on. I don't know what they are. They're not diagnosed, but I get like weird crashes. I'm sick a lot. So, but that could also just
Sara Floyd: I don't know. I think there's a travel related. So, I have no idea. No, not really. I guess the answer is no.
Dr. Belis Aladag: No. Okay. Well, once in a while you get rashes, you said
Sara Floyd: I get rashes, all the time. I have weird pains. I'm just tired and sick all the time even if I'm not using though.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So, yeah.
Sara Floyd: I just beat up. I'm really good at this point, I've had the same ear infections since the 90s and no one can fucking do anything about it like 1998 is the first time I remember having problems with my ears that both always infected fucked up.
Sara Floyd: Ever resolves with it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And it's a middle ear infection like
Sara Floyd: Now, there
Sara Floyd: It was, yeah, sometimes it gets to the middle years but it's like, usually I think it's, I honestly think it's some sort of fungus or something.
Dr. Belis Aladag: External yeah if it's if it's chronic. I'm wondering if it's like yes something. Maybe it's fundable and
Sara Floyd: Maybe
Dr. Belis Aladag: If you're on an antifungal agent that would be helpful.
Sara Floyd: Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Can we get you too soon, you know, once we stabilize everything and you feel up to it. I think it would be really cool if we can get you a primary
Dr. Belis Aladag: Care doctor, you know,
Sara Floyd: Yeah, yeah, I really, I need to find that I just had a really hard time navigating that account at La for some reason.
Sara Floyd: So that's, that's what my problem.
Sara Floyd: Is five doctors. They give a shit. Or like this seems hopeful and promising, but
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah yeah
Sara Floyd: That hard
Sara Floyd: Because I don't have very many resources so
Dr. Belis Aladag: Maybe la care la care might have, I think, la care takes medical and they have some
Dr. Belis Aladag: Spots for
Dr. Belis Aladag: Here. Yeah, I think because
Sara Floyd: You know, like to start with that they would assign primary care and then the the
Sara Floyd: Primary care that I was assigned didn't have any openings and I'd be like, What the fuck, and then I would call like 50 other doctors, none of them would have openings. That was my problem like it didn't make any sense. Like I would you give me a doctor that didn't have room for me.
Sara Floyd: But yes.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Usually if they say your doctors busy. You think they would say your doctors busy until whatever. But here's an
Alternate
Sara Floyd: Nine months you I can give you an appointment six to nine months. And I'm like, what the fuck
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, and they didn't give you like okay, but if you want to see someone else you can sue someone else. No.
Sara Floyd: Well, I could but I would call and none of them would have openings. So I'd say that the medical systems really just, it's, it's weird.
Sara Floyd: So,
Sara Floyd: Hopefully it won't be this hard this time.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I don't know, okay, I hope not. Well, we'll work on it and maybe our staff could assist a little bit too with helping you.
Dr. Belis Aladag: But at least let's get your mental health stuff like right here.
Sara Floyd: Organized. Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Um, so you'll have me for your addiction for the Suboxone you'll see me weekly, and then, like I said, I think you should see a established care with the psychiatrists, just to try and get that sorted out, and then you'll have your, you should have your one on one therapy started
Sara Floyd: As soon as you can. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And so for the therapists appointment and the psychiatry appointment. Those two, you need to call like where you called today the virtual clinic, you call them again and you say, Hey, I saw Dr. Allah DAG.
Dr. Belis Aladag: She says I need a psychiatry appointment and a therapy appointment and then they hook you up with those
Dr. Belis Aladag: So,
Dr. Belis Aladag: twice daily so
Dr. Belis Aladag: The pharmacy. I have down for you is the Walgreens on Sunset Boulevard. Is that what you want or
Sara Floyd: I haven't had I
Sara Floyd: I don't know what plan. I'm under, I guess, for now, that's fine. Can they can, they move it. If it's not
Sara Floyd: If they don't have it or if they don't take my insurance for some reason.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah. Yes, yes, they can. You just call they can call the other pharmacy and transfer it
Sara Floyd: And if you
Dr. Belis Aladag: Do you can call us back call the virtual clinic and say, I actually needed at this pharmacy.
Sara Floyd: Okay, well yes or tentatively, yes, that's, that's fine.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Let's try. Yeah. The Walgreens 1625 Sunset Boulevard.
Sara Floyd: Yeah, it's right down the street from where I'd have to get my mail to the the cup. So, that's perfect.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Now, but you don't have access to it until tomorrow. So start
Sara Floyd: Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, good.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. And you know how to start this stuff. Do you have to be in a withdrawal. Right.
Sara Floyd: Well, I've already on Suboxone cuz I switched over
Dr. Belis Aladag: All right. Yeah. Yeah. No.
Sara Floyd: It's okay. It's, uh, yeah. It's been a few days. So I'm pretty stabilized on it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. Good. Awesome.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So it's been a few days so
Dr. Belis Aladag: I need my other I need my
Dr. Belis Aladag: 460183 it's just asking me for these numbers.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh, I know why. So I'm not giving you that off. So in terms of
Dr. Belis Aladag: Group, I'm thinking
Dr. Belis Aladag: The Thursday group is pretty cool.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Um, we do. Let's do Friday because feel like it's going to be twofold. Let's do Friday. Can we do can do
Dr. Belis Aladag: So the groups will meet Fridays at 4pm. So what you would do is Friday, you would check into the virtual connected like speakers like is it gets kind of blocked up when you're trying to check in.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And they
Have you do surveys
Okay.
Sara Floyd: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So 330 on Friday.
Dr. Belis Aladag: 330 on Friday.
Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm gonna give you. I'm going to give you five days worth just in case. But I'm hoping one. I'll see you Friday. And I'll give you another a week's worth
Dr. Belis Aladag: Then we just keep going that way.
Sara Floyd: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Right.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. Um so Friday at 330 and then you're gonna call to make those two appointments and that's it. That's all you need to do. I'm gonna, I can call in, nor can you know hopefully don't
Sara Floyd: Have a lot of friends that have problems so
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, after
Sara Floyd: Around them. But what I was what I would do. Baltimore, I had to use that on strangers like twice a month so
Sara Floyd: Yeah.
Sara Floyd: Horrible like on the street like on the subway. It's awful.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh my god, that's crazy.
Sara Floyd: That's pretty it's falling apart. They're dying.
Dr. Belis Aladag: That's terrible. I used to live there.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Canton, do you remember
Canton
Sara Floyd: They don't, they don't usually make it over there, but
Sara Floyd: Rolla head north area.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Wow, I can't believe it. So yeah. OK. So I'm going to give you that you know the nasal spray one. Yeah.
I'm familiar
Dr. Belis Aladag: Why this is giving me an error.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Start over.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, that's okay I'm gonna
Order. This
Dr. Belis Aladag: Some
Dr. Belis Aladag: Computers.
Sara Floyd: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So I think that's it 330 Friday.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'll see you hopefully you'll be in good shape. Then, and
Dr. Belis Aladag: Have appointments that up, at least with
Dr. Belis Aladag: Other two.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then we'll get you
Dr. Belis Aladag: Know, get to know all the other group.
Sara Floyd: Yeah, okay.
Sara Floyd: All right, well, thank you.
Is that it
Dr. Belis Aladag: I think, I think that's it. I think we covered most of the things that
Dr. Belis Aladag: We need to
Dr. Belis Aladag: Be a good review of systems to like about your rashes and your pains, like we got to figure that out. And then the ear infections.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, I think I have everything
Sara Floyd: Okay, great. So do I call them on the phone or to have to do another video thing. Do I call the video number where I check in, or
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, you could call the zoom the zoom checking thing and do it through that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I think that effect. But you could call them to. I mean, whatever's easiest
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, just don't look I need, I need to schedule those to therapy and psychiatry.
Sara Floyd: OK.
Dr. Belis Aladag: OK, and then that's it. And then I see you 330 Friday.
For
Sara Floyd: For. Okay. Okay. All right. Well, thank you.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, good luck.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Nice meeting you. I'll see you soon.
Sara Floyd: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Bye bye.